fix(topic_rewrite): handle error when target contains wildcards (#11337)
emqx/emqx: changes/ce/fix-11337.en.md

> Fix return error when topic rewrite targets a topic with wildcards. Now it returns error 400 (Bad Match) instead of erro 500 (Internal Error).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix HTTP API error when a publish topic rewrite rule targets a topic with wildcards. Now it returns error 400 (Bad Match) instead of error 500 (Internal Error).
```

Author: Ack
